Add the Repositories and repair the content for RHEL 8 (#1279)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/ref_supported-operating-systems.adoc

ifdef::satellite[]
You can install the operating system from a disc, local ISO image, kickstart, or any other method that Red{nbsp}Hat supports.

> Red{nbsp}Hat {ProductName} is supported on the latest versions of {RHEL} 8 Server, and {RHEL} 7 Server that are available at the time when {ProductName} is installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Red{nbsp}Hat {ProductName} is supported on the latest versions of {RHEL} 8, and {RHEL} 7 Server that are available at the time when {ProductName} is installed.
```

RHEL8 has no difference between Server and Workstation anymore

Author: Resolved.

> Previous versions of Red{nbsp}Hat Enterprise Linux including EUS or z-stream are not supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previous versions of {RHEL} including EUS or z-stream are not supported.
```

Author: Resolved.
